FMEPRD-242 Update Owners Documentation (#11122)
harness/developer-hub: docs/feature-management-experimentation/team-and-project-settings/owners.md

  * For feature flags, click on the **Gear** icon and click **Edit details**. In the Owners section, add groups or individuals, then click **Save**.
  * For segments and metrics, navigate to the **Owners** section on the top right corner or click the **Editing** dropdown on the **Definition** tab. Select **Restrict who can edit** and add groups or individuals in the **Editors** field, then click **Apply**.

:::tip
Ownership alone is for organization and filtering purposes. It does not grant edit rights. To give owners edit rights, select **Restrict who can edit** to owners in one of the above locations. Owners will still be able to edit if they already have broader environment-level rights.
:::

When you add owners and set **Restrict who can edit** to owners, those owners are automatically included as editors for that specific flag in all environments. This helps you simplify permissions while preventing others without environment- or project-level edit rights from making changes.

| Scenario                                 | Owner has edit rights?            |
|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|

> | Owner only, **Anyone can edit**          | ❌ No (organizational only)         |

Reviewer: why doesn't the owner have edit rights here? I'm thrown off by the **Anyone can edit** comment.

Author: ```suggestion
| Owner only          | ❌ No (organizational only)         |
```

In addition to [tags](/docs/feature-management-experimentation/management-and-administration/tags/), use owners to organize and manage feature flags, segments, and metrics across the Split user interface. 

You can use owners to:

- Filter feature flags, segments, and metrics in the browse panes to those **owned by me**.

> - Optionally, grant edit rights to owners for a specific feature flag by toggling permissions **On**.

Author: Got it, I see what you mean about the nuance here. I'll update the section frame Permissions On as restricting edit rights to owners rather than granting them, and clarify that ownership alone doesn't give edit rights. This should align with the three environment permission modes you mentioned!

:::tip

> Ownership alone is for organization and filtering purposes. It does not grant edit rights unless **On** is toggled for a flag.

Author: ```suggestion
Ownership alone is for organization and filtering purposes. It does not grant edit rights. When Permissions is toggled **On** for a flag, only its owners (and anyone with broader environment-level rights) can edit it.
```

:::

> When you add owners to a feature flag, owners are inehrited as editors for that specific flag across all environments. This allows you to simplify permissions without granting broad environment- or project-level editor rights.

Author: ```suggestion
When you add owners to a feature flag and toggle Permissions **On**, owners are automatically included as editors for that specific flag in all environments. This helps you simplify permissions while preventing others without environment- or project-level edit rights from making changes to that flag.
```
